All right.
And that's it for the interviewing and the non technical questions I know it's not the most exciting
section.
It's a lot of me just talking but I hope you see a pattern here.
Once you learn this it becomes easy because you can use this technique over and over and over throughout
your career at whatever interviews you want.
That's the beauty of non-technical questions.
They're generally the same and all stay the same for many more years to come.
So once you become good at them then you're all set.
But let's just do a quick review of what we've learned.
We first learned that you want to have a good mindset when going into an interview you want to be confident.
You want to be relaxed.
You also want to realize you're using the interviewers time.
So don't make this a boring meeting for them.
Bring the energy and have a two way conversation with them.
They don't want to be sitting with the scared worried timid interviewer with low energy.
That is quite have conversation.
Be human Don't be a robot and interact with the interviewer in psychology.
There's something called primacy effect and that is we remember the first and last impressions best.
So when you enter the room be energetic be excited make a good impression.
And when you leave the interview in the final minutes also and on a strong note have a strong closing
argument of why they should hire you.
And keep in mind that we always want to have our four heroes stories that include these four heroes
in our answers because this is what interviewers are looking for.
And keep in mind just because you feel like you're having a bad interview it doesn't necessarily mean
that you're not going to get the job or you're not competing against the right answer or you're competing
against other candidates who may struggle throughout the interview just like you.
I also want to show you a neat little tool that may come in handy for you.
This is a Web site that we're going to talk about in the offer and negotiation section Glassdoor and
glass doors allow you to look at companies what employers are saying about them but they also have a
new interviews section where you can actually search a company and see what sort of interviews they
ask.
So you can use this as a way to prepare and practice if the company is listed on this website you see
in life.
Success comes to those who are able to stand out and do the extra step that 99 percent of the people
aren't willing to do.
It's why you're taking the course.
Most people don't practice for interviews.
If we look at this in this way we notice a big factor when interviewed on top of working on coding questions
data structures and algorithms that we cover in this course you should also work on par that don't often
get attention from people.
These are the non-technical questions where people want to find out whether you can speak to people
on your team.
You can communicate with clients and customers and coworkers whether you're able to focus on prioritizing
tasks and not getting stuck solving a problem.
Whether you need hand-holding or you're able to be independent and solve problems on your own because
at the end interview process asks one big question.
If I hire you will you make my life easier.
That's it.
If you're able to make somebody's life easier and offer a big value then you're going to be hired.
People want to hire developers and programmers that will help their business grow and saves them time.
So be that candidate and be that person.
I'll see in the next section.